I’ve never taken a high road in my entire life

The Internet: Where the answer to your questions are buried in a pile of complete nonsense.

“Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” -Robert Louis Stevenson

"Creativity is just connecting things. When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn't really do it, they just saw something. It seemed obvious to them after a while." ~ Steve Jobs

The man who is isolated, who is unable to share in the benefits of political association, or has no need to share because he is already self-sufficient, is no part of the polis, and must therefore be either a beast or a god. - Aristotle

"Nothing destroys a good idea faster than a mandatory consensus. The lowest common denominator is never a high standard." Jessica Hagy (Forbes.com)

“Be regular and orderly in your life so that you may be violent and original in your work.” – Gustave Flaubert, author

“Separate brainstorming (idea generation) from synthesis (putting it all into a flowing post).” – Tim Ferriss, author

“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.” - Robert Frost

"Peace by persuasion has a pleasant sound, but I think we should not be able to work it. We should have to tame the human race first, and history seems to show that that cannot be done." - Mark Twain

“You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine.” – John C Maxwell

“Winners lose much more often than losers. So if you keep losing but you’re still trying, keep it up! You’re right on track.” - Matthew Keith Groves

“In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.” – Bill Cosby

“Fear is a habit; so is self-pity, defeat, anxiety, despair, hopelessness and resignation. You can eliminate all of these negative habits with two simple resolves: I can! and I will!” – Unknown

Sometimes you face difficulties not because you’re doing something wrong, but because you’re doing something right. - Joel Osteen

“Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose.” – Steve Jobs

“If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.” - Bruce Lee

"When we remember that we are all mad, the mysteries disappear & life stands explained." - Mark Twain

"When in doubt tell the truth." - Mark Twain

"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." - Bevery Sills

"Courage is being afraid but going on anyhow." - Dan Rather

"The problem, often not discovered until late in life, is that when you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation." - Neil deGrasse Tyson

"For me, I am driven by two main philosophies, know more today about the world than I knew yesterday. And lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you." - Neil deGrasse Tyson

"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." -Sun Tzu

If I find in myself desires which nothing in this world can satisfy, the only logical explanation is that I was made for another world. - C.S. Lewis

"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr

"Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth." -- Ludwig Borne

________________________________________________________________________________
RULE ONE: Find a place you trust, and then try trusting it for awhile.

RULE TWO: General duties of a student — pull everything out of your teacher; pull everything out of your fellow students.

RULE THREE: General duties of a teacher — pull everything out of your students.

RULE FOUR: Consider everything an experiment.

RULE FIVE: Be self-disciplined — this means finding someone wise or smart and choosing to follow them. To be disciplined is to follow in a good way. To be self-disciplined is to follow in a better way.

RULE SIX: Nothing is a mistake. There’s no win and no fail, there’s only make.

RULE SEVEN: The only rule is work. If you work it will lead to something. It’s the people who do all of the work all of the time who eventually catch on to things.

RULE EIGHT: Don’t try to create and analyze at the same time. They’re different processes.

RULE NINE: Be happy whenever you can manage it. Enjoy yourself. It’s lighter than you think.

RULE TEN: “We’re breaking all the rules. Even our own rules. And how do we do that? By leaving plenty of room for X quantities.” (John Cage)

HINTS: Always be around. Come or go to everything. Always go to classes. Read anything you can get your hands on. Look at movies carefully, often. Save everything — it might come in handy later.

- Sister Corita Kent
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corita_Kent
http://www.brainpickings.org/index.php/2012/08/10/10-rules-for-students-and-teachers-john-cage-corita-kent/?
________________________________________________________________________________

"So live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart. Trouble no one about their religion; respect others in their view, and demand that they respect yours. Love your life, perfect your life, beautify all things in your life. Seek to make your life long and its purpose in the service of your people. Prepare a noble death song for the day when you go over the great divide. Always give a word or a sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend, even a stranger, when in a lonely place. Show respect to all people and grovel to none. When you arise in the morning give thanks for the food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies only in yourself. Abuse no one and no thing, for abuse turns the wise ones to fools and robs the spirit of its vision. When it comes your time to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with the fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song and die like a hero going home."
Tecumtha (1768? - 5 October 1813) Native American leader, Shawnee mystic and warrior, usually known as Tecumseh
o Quoted by Lee Sulzman in Shawnee History
________________________________________________________________________________

“Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.” - Confucius -  Teacher and Philosopher

“What we see depends mainly on what we look for.” - Sir John Lubbock - Politician, Scientist

"To emphasize only the beautiful seems to me to be like a mathematical system that only concerns itself with positive numbers." - Paul Klee - Painter

Sometimes we are the guide. Other times we need to be guided. The biggest challenge is knowing which role to play and when to play it.

"I don’t understand what I did wrong except live a life that everyone is jealous of." - Charlie Sheen

Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker

My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right?
  - Charles M. Schulz

Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something.
  - Robert Heinlein, Time Enough For Love

"An undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions."
  - Robert A. Humphrey

If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
  - Isaac Newton

That all men are equal is a proposition which, at ordinary times, no sane individual has ever given his assent.
  - Aldous Huxley

Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
  - Alfred Lord Tennyson

It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis.
  - Margaret Bonnano

It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
  - Isaac Asimov

Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
- Albert Einstein

People used what they called a telephone becuase they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.
- Chuck Palahniuk

"No matter how much you think you love somebody, you’ll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"What we don't understand we can make mean anything."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"If you don’t know what you want, you end up with a lot you don’t"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Love is bullshit. Emotion is bullshit. I am a rock. A jerk. I'm an uncaring asshole and proud of it."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"You have a choice. Live or die. Every breath is a choice. Every minute is a choice. To be or not to be."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Reality means you live until you die. The real truth is nobody wants reality"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Did perpetual happiness in the Garden of Eden maybe get so boring that eating the apple was justified?"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Losing all hope is freedom"
- Chuck Palahniuk


"I admire addicts. In a world where everybody is waiting for some blind, random disaster, or some sudden disease, the addict has the comfort of knowing what will most likely wait for him down the road. He's taken some control over his ultimate fate, and his addiction keeps the cause of death from being a total suprise."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"You gain power by pretending to be weak. By contrast, you make people feel strong. You save people by letting them save you.
All you have to do is be fragile and grateful. So stay the underdog.
People really need somebody they feel superior to. So stay downtrodden.
People need somebody they can send a check at Christmas. So stay poor.
"Charity" isn't the right word, but it's the first word that comes to mind"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"masochism is a valuable job skill"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"It's all the mirror, mirror on the wall because beauty is power the same way money is power the same way a gun is power."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Right now, getting killed would be redundant."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Big Brother isn’t watching. He’s singing and dancing. He’s pulling rabbits out of a hat. Big Brother’s busy holding your attention every moment you’re awake. He’s making sure you’re always distracted. He’s making sure you’re fully absorbed."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"The only reason why we ask other people how their weekend was is so we can tell them about our own weekend."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"People don’t want their lives fixed. Nobody wants their problems solved. Their dramas. Their distractions. Their stories resolved. Their messes cleaned up. Because what would they have left? Just the big scary unknown"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"First your parents, they give you your life, but then they try to give you their life"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Your folks are like God because you want to know they're out there and you want them to approve of your life, still you only call them when you're in a crisis and need something."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Why is it you feel like a dope if you laugh alone, but that's usually how you end up crying?"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Everybody here thinks the whole story is about them.. Definitely that goes for everybody in the world."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"You start out with hand jobs and progress to orgies. You smoke dope and then, the big H. bigger, better, stronger, faster. The key word is progress"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"The sound shivers through the walls, through the table, through the window frame, and into my finger. These distraction-oholics. These focus-ophobics. Old George Orwell got it backward. Big Brother isn't watching. He's singing and dancing. He's pulling rabbits out of a hat. Big Brother's holding your attention every moment you're awake. He's making sure you're always distracted. He's making sure you're fully absorbed... and this being fed, it's worse than being watched. With the world always filling you, no one has to worry about what's in your mind. With everyone's imagination atrophied, no one will ever be a threat to the world."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Centuries ago, sailors on long voyages used to leave a pair of pigs on every deserted island. Or they'd leave a pair of goats. Either way, on any future visit, the island would be a source of meat. These islands, they were pristine. These were home to breeds of birds with no natural predators. Breeds of birds that lived nowhere else on earth. The plants there, without enemies they evolved without thorns or poisons. Without predators and enemies, these islands, they were paradise. The sailors, the next time they visited these islands, the only things still there would be herds of goats or pigs. .... Does this remind you of anything? Maybe the ol' Adam and Eve story? .... You ever wonder when God's coming back with a lot of barbecue sauce?"
- Chuck Palahniuk

"You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Our real discoveries come from chaos, from going to the place that looks wrong and stupid and foolish."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"The muffled thunder of dialogue comes through the walls, then a chorus of laughter. Then more thunder. Most of the laugh tracks on television were recorded in the early 1950s. These days, most of the people you hear laughing are dead."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"When nobody will look at you, you can stare a hole in them. Picking out all the little details you'd never stare long enough to get if she'd ever just return your gaze, this, this is your revenge."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Prepare...to evacuate soul."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"I've met God across his long walnut desk with his diplomas hanging on the wall behind him, and God asks me, "Why?" Why did I cause so much pain? Didn't I realize that each of us is a sacred, unique snowflake of special unique specialness? Can't I see how we're all manifestations of love? I look at God behind his desk, taking notes on a pad, but God's got this all wrong. We are not special. We are not crap or trash, either. We just are. We just are, and what happens just happens. And God says, "No, that's not right." Yeah. Well. Whatever. You can't teach God anything."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"If I can't be beautiful, I want to be invisible."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"Maybe this is why so many serial killers work in pairs. It's nice not to feel alone in a world full of victims or enemies. It's no wonder Waltraud Wagner, the Austrian Angel of Death, convinced her friends to kill with her.
It just seems natural. You and me against the world..."
- Chuck Palahniuk

"The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close up."
- Chuck Palahniuk

How this feels is I'm just another task in God's daily planner: The Renaissance pencilled in for right after the Dark Ages. The Information Age is scheduled immediately after the Industrial Revolution. Then the Post-Modern Era, then The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Famine. Check. Pestilence. Check. War. Check. Death. Check. And between the big events, the earthquakes and tidal waves, God's got me squeezed in for a cameo appearance. Then maybe in thirty years, or maybe next year, God's daily planner has me finished.
- Chuck Palahniuk

"The first step -- especially for young people with energy and drive and talent, but not money -- the first step to controlling your world is to control your culture. To model and demonstrate the kind of world you demand to live in. To write the books. Make the music. Shoot the films. Paint the art."
- Chuck Palahniuk Source: Closing remarks made on an eClass forum (Barnes & Noble University), December 5, 2004

"I don't care what they do with my book so long as the fucking check clears."
- Chuck Palahniuk on the Fight Club video game.

"Sometimes it seems that we spend the first half of our lives looking for some disaster... As young people, we want something to slow us down and keep us trapped in one place long enough to look below the surface of the world. That disaster is a car crash or a war. To make us sit still. It can be getting canger or getting pregnant. The important part is how it seems to catch us by surprise. That disaster stops us from living the life we'd planned as children--alife of constant dashing around... ...We still create the drama and pain we need, but this first disaster is a vaccination, an inoculation. Your whole like, you're searching for disaster--you're auditioning disasters--so you'll be well-rehearsed when the ultimate disaster finally arrives: For when you die."
-Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted

Everyone smiles with that invisible gun to their head.
-Chuck Palahniuk 

Find out what you're afraid of and go live there.
- Chuck Palahniuk 

I wanted to write about the moment when your addictions no longer hide the truth from you. When your whole life breaks down. That's the moment when you have to somehow choose what your life is going to be about.
-Chuck Palahniuk 

More and more, it feels like I'm doing a really bad impersonation of myself.
-Chuck Palahniuk 

Sometimes the past seems too big for the present to hold.
-Chuck Palahniuk 

Sometimes you do something, and you get screwed. Sometimes it's the things you don't do, and you get screwed.
-Chuck Palahniuk 

The answer is there is no answer.
-Chuck Palahniuk

The only difference between suicide and martyrdom is press coverage.
-Chuck Palahniuk 

Where would Jesus be if no one had written the gospels?
-Chuck Palahniuk 

Someone bent on suicide won’t have much sense of humour left.
- Chuck Palahniuk

If you could be God's worst enemy or nothing, which would you choose?
- Chuck Palahniuk

When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
- Chuck Palahniuk

Every addiction, she said, was just a way to treat this same problem. Drugs or overeating or alcohol or sex, it was all just another way to find peace. To escape what we know. Our education. Our bite of the apple.
Language, she said, was just our way to explain away the wonder and glory of the world. To deconstruct. To dismiss. She said people can’t deal with how beautiful the world really is. How it can’t be explained and understood.
- Chuck Palahniuk’s Choke

"We don’t live in the real world anymore," she said. "We live in a world of symbols."
-Chuck Palahniuk’s Choke

"Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon."
  - Susan Ertz

I refuse to be labeled immoral merely because I am godless. ~ Peter Walker

I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated. - Poul Anderson

When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
 Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom and Destiny, 1898 
 Belgian dramatist, essayist, & poet (1862 - 1949)

I shall adopt new views as fast as they shall appear to be true views.
	-  Abraham Lincoln


The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
	-  Charles Du Bos


An optimist sees an opportunity in every calamity;a pessimist sees a calamity in every opportunity.
	-  Winston Churchill


Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
	-  J. Andrews


'Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words.
Keep your words positive because your words become your behaviors.
Keep your behaviors positive because your behaviors become your habits.
Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values.
Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.'
	- Gandhi


You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
	-  Eleanor Roosevelt


Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.
	-  William J. H. Boetcker


I am willing to remain and play the man’s game if there are not enough boats for more than the women and children…. Tell my wife I played the game straight out and to the end.  No woman shall be left aboard this ship because Ben Guggenheim is a coward.
	-  Final words of Benjamin Guggenheim, millionaire traveler aboard the ill-fated Titanic.  As the boat began to sink Guggenheim changed into formal dress and calmly faced death.


Nurture your mind with great thoughts; to believe in the heroic makes heroes.
	-  Benjamin Disraeli


The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them.
	-  George Bernard Shaw


This above all, to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
	-  Bill Shakespeare


Being forced to work, and forced to do your best, will breed in you temperance and self-control, diligence and strength of will, cheerfulness and content, and a hundred virtues which the idle never know.
	-  Charles Kingsley";


Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
	-  James Buckham"


In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
	-  Albert Camus


I don't think anything is unrealistic if you believe you can do it. I think if you are determined enough and willing to pay the price, you can get it done.
	-  Mike Ditka


We are fallible. We certainly haven't attained perfection. But we can strive for it, and the virtue is in the striving.
	-  Carlos P. Romulo


do not open an Email with the title 'I love you' in the subject matter, if you get a mail with this in the subject DELETE it immediately do not open it, do not be curious it will infect your drive and send everyone on your distribution lists, a copy of the file. Their is another email titled 'I hate you' which does the same thing apparently so please delete this.
	-  a worried slave to society


Life’s about friendships, the way you love your partner, the way you care for your children.  That is what life is about. Not anything about earning a hundred zillion dollars because you toured America more than anyone else.  I want life to about creativity.
	-  Joe Strummer, former lead singer for The Clash rock band.


We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
	-  Anais Nin


None will improve your lot if you yourself do not.
	-  Bertolt Brecht, 1933


You can have anything you want – if you want it badly enough.  You can be anything you want to be, do anything you set out to accomplish if you hold to that desire with singleness of purpose.
	-  Abraham Lincoln


Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes you feel most deeply and vitally alive, along with which comes the inner voice which says, 'This is the real me,' and when you have found that attitude,follow it.
	-  William JameS


One must have the adventurous daring to accept oneself as a bundle of possibilities and undertake the most interesting game in the world  -- making the most of one's best.
	-  Harry Emerson Fosdick


Nothing is ever lost by courtesy.  It is the cheapest of pleasures, costs nothing, and conveys much.
	-  Erastus Wiman


Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control.  These three alone lead to sovereign power.
	-  Lord Alfred Tennyson


Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.
	- Thoreau


The most important thing I have learned over the years is the difference between taking one’s work seriously and taking one’s self seriously.The first is imperative, and the second disastrous.
	-  Margaret Fontey


When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound. Rebuild those plans and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
	-  Napoleon Hill


We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
	-  Norman MacFinan


It's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. - Chinese proverb
The force is within you.  Force yourself. - Harrison Ford
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
	-  Buddhist Proverb


When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
	-  Lao Tzu


If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
	-  David Viscott


The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
	-  John F. Kennedy


The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when he discovers that someone else believes in him and is willing to trust him with his friendship.
	-  Ralph Waldo Emerson


Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time.
	-  Betty Smith


Thinking positively and holding my head up to the heavens is something I take great pride in doing.
	-  From “A Hope In the Unseen”, the story of Cedric Jennings, who by strength of will rose from a Washington ghetto to an Ivy League college";


The artist grows in his environment, deriving from it the elements that serve him as a medium of expression--of those differences of tensions to which his personality is subject.  The artisan is a producer of the things for which there is a demand and which he has learned to produce--after the models that enjoy the highest popularity.
	-  Stanislaw Lem


Courage is imperial. It underlies true achievement. Unless we have moral nerve to live out our convictions, they are of small account.
	-  Anonymous


Never speak of yourself to others; make them talk about themselves instead: therein lies the whole art of pleasing.
	-  J.E de Goncourt, 'Idees et Sensations,' 1866


The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything.
	-  Lee Iococca


I hope I shall always possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of the 'Honest Man'.
	-  George Washington


Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
	-  former president Grover Cleveland in 1900";


To be pure and strong, to be honest and earnest, to be kindly and thoughtful, and in all to be true, to be manly and womanly. He can do more for others who has done most with himself.
	-  S.D. Gordon


Many a friendship -- long, loyal, and self-sacrificing -- rested at first upon no thicker a foundation than a kind word.
	-  Frederick W. Faber


Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal, but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there.
	-  Max Leaner


Dance Like nobody's watching.
Love Like you've never been hurt.
	-  Unknown


The fact is, that to do anything in the world worth doing, we must not stand  back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can.
	-  Robert Cushing"


The past cannot be changed.  The future is still in your power.
	-  Hugh White


To say yes, you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no, even if saying no means death.
	-  Jean Anouilh


Until one is committed, there is always hesitancy, the chance to draw back,  always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of initiative (and creation), there is one element of truth, the ignorance of which kills countless ideas and splendid plans - that moment one commits oneself, then providence moves all.
	-  Anonymous


To be able to practice five things everywhere under heaven constitutes perfect virtue... gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
	-  Confucious (551-479 BC), Chinese philosopher


Whether you be man or woman you will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
	-  James L. Allen


The person who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
	-  Chinese proverb


Mama exhorted her children at every opportunity to 'jump at the Sun.'  We might not land on the sun, but at least we would get off the ground.
	-  Zora Neale Hurston


It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees. -- Dolores Ibarruri, (1885-1989) Spanish politician
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself. What a man can be, he must be.
	-  Abraham Maslow


Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you like it or not.
	-  Walter Bagehot


Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside.
	-  Brian Tracy


It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
	-  Henry Wadsworth Longfellow


[60]
 At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, then inevitable.
	-  Christopher Reeves


Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
	-  Harvey Fierstein


It's kind of fun to do the impossible. -- Walt Disney
It is the highest form of self-respect to admit mistakes and to make amends for them.
	-  John J. McCloy


The shortest and surest way to live with honor in the world is to be in reality what we would appear to be.
	-  Socrates


The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
	-  Thomas Carlyle


Nature does not bestow virtue; to be good is an art. -- Seneca
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
	-  Anonymous


A goal is a dream that has an ending. -- Duke Ellington
A mother should give her children a superabundance of enthusiasm,that after they have lost all they are sure to lose in mixing with the world, enough may still remain to prompt and support them through great actions.
	-  Julius C. Hare


I am thankful for small mercies. I compared notes with one of my friends who expects everything of the universe, and is disappointed when anything is less than the best, and I found that I begin at the other extreme, expecting nothing, and am always full of thanks for moderate goods.
	-  Ralph Waldo Emerson






// Great quotes ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I shall adopt any new view as long as it is a 'View to a Kill'.
	-  J. Bond.


	The important thing is this: to become great by being able at any moment to sacrifice or eliminate others.
	-  Lucifer Van Sade, Pope of Satanvile


A serial killer sees an opportunity to be more infamous in every calamity: every victim he kills.
 A cop sees a dead body: a calamity as yet another clue in every opportunity he has to solve the crime.
	-  From the files of Police Squad 101.


Corpses have been noted for their remarkable powers of Perseverance.
 They can fall from great heights up to 19 times without being damaged.
 On the 20th time the corpse succeeds in moving its limbs, a remarkable accomplishment for a dead being.
	-  Mark Corpseticle, Chief Undertaker.


Discovery of Gandhi's manuscripts revealed some very strange contradictions to his philosophy, the ramifications of which are still unknown.
";
One such quote was:
'Keep your thoughts negative because your thoughts become your words.
";
Keep your words negative because your words become your behaviors.
Keep your behaviors negative because your behaviors become your habits.
Keep your habits negative because your habits become your values.
"
Keep your values negative because your values become your destiny.
"
And finally keep your destiny negative because when everything  is absolutely negative the outcome is just as perfect as if it was absolutely positive.'
You lose strength, courage, confidence and even the ability to perform sexually by every experience in which you look at the face of someone so strikingly ugly and deformed that they strike fear into your very soul.
	-  Innocent Onlooker


 This would explain the high incidence of impotence among those who ride the NYC subways and buses.
	-  Dr. Stein Shauffer, Sex Psychologist in NYC.


Never mind what others think; do better for yourself, beat your own record from day to day.
 How many did you kill today? Do better the next day, and when finally everyone is dead you are a success.
	-  Moses S.S Blade


 (founder of company with business slogan: 'Killing is my business and business is good')
Another True Story from the Archives of the ill-fated Titanic
 I am willing to remain and play the man’s game by making sure that there are enough boats to take the men away and leave behind the beautiful women . Tell my wife I played the game straight out and to the end.  No woman shall be left alone on this	ship because Dirk Diggler is one hot stud muffin.
	-  Final words of Dirk Diggler, millionaire porn star aboard the ill-fated Titanic. As the boat began to sink Diggler and the women all reached climax and faced death with escatsy.


Nurture your mind with great thoughts and be a hero by taking part in the one truly great heroic deed: destroy the human race. You will be a hero not just to all other lifeforms on Earth but to the entire universe.
	-  Franklin W. Castro, Underground Revolutionary Leader in hiding and wanted by the CIA.


There have been many strange circumstances reported around this world where people get up the next morning and find their loved ones to have mysteriously disappeared. The police try hard to find them, but fail for the most part. In rare cases, the police do find a body severely  mutilated with an expression of shock on his or her terror struck face. Strangely enough it seems that those who are mourning this unfortunate loss of a loved one have suddenly made themselves exceedingly rich!
	-  John Sherlock Holmes - Private Detective.


Thou shall always to thine own self be true, and like a thief in the night strike down with great vengence those that dare oppose thy self.
	-  Jean Claude Descares (Great obscure poet who wrote this as a love poem about his beloved who had another lover)


Forcing others to work, and forcing them to die trying their best for you, will breed in you a life of luxury, self-indulgence, unbelievable power, sexual satisfaction and and a hundred other pleasures which the slave to society will never know of.
	-  John Paul Lucifer";


To make a spirit nobler and stronger than it was before, the right soul must be stolen from some unsuspecting victim, but this can only be done after many trials and therefore many lifeless bodies.
	-  Sister Jonah Frigme


In the midst of winter, I finally learned that I was invincible and that it was really summer.
	-  Le Chant de Lank  - Captain of the pirate ship, 'Predator'";


It is not unrealistic for stores and services to assume that the consumer is determined enough and willing to pay a very high price for something so simple that it can be made at absolutely no cost at all.
	- Mrs Doe - disgruntled customer.


They are fallible. They certainly haven't attained perfection, in fact they are nearer to being a perfect failure as a species. They strive for power and they have no virtue only arrogance and greed.
	-  &#~~!K! Extra Terrestrial Observer


Just goes on to show that there is a fine line between love and hate.
	-  a happy hacker


Life should be about pleasure. Making love with many perfectly beautiful models of the opposite sex, with absolutely no chance of having children and getting hundred zillion dollars for it. Unfortunately, life is only about death. To die quickly and painlessly after shooting yourself with a potent mix of hallucinatory drugs is the best way to finish this life.
	-  Jesus Bradbury, former lead singer of the High Till I Die band.


We can't see things when we close our eyes, but if we cut a hole through our eyelids we never have to worry about falling asleep whilst keeping watch!
	-  La Nina - Chief Gatekeeper and Lookout Sentry at Church of Satana.


To improve your chance of a favorable outcome when drawing lots, strike the other contestants from behind to render them unconscious and draw the best one.
	-  Kenny Sade Rogers, notorious gambler from the Wild West,1879.


You can have anything you want if with singleness of purpose you learn how to break into safes, pick locks and generally break into any secure vault which stores extremely valuable items.
	-  Jill 'the NutCracker' Safe`ras


Seek out that particular mental attribute which makes your enemy feel most deeply and vitally alive. Then satisfy your inner voice's thirst for revenge by removing that attribute, thus destroying your opponent's will to live.
	-   Shang Raja - 20th Century High Priest


One must have the adventurous daring to accept the bundle of possibilities open in being an undertaker: -the most interesting game in the world -- making the most of one's death.
	-  Le Mcabre";


Nothing is ever lost by masturbation.  It is the cheapest of pleasures,costs nothing, and even cleans the sheets.
	-  Erectus Willie


Mind control of the masses, irreverence towards their pathetic plight, brainwashing the masses through denial of knowledge, and the systematic butchering of those who oppose. These four alone lead to sovereign power.
	-  Raja Saturn


Stand confidently in front of your dreams! Die the death you've imagined as you become roadkill to the high velocity, suicidal, homicidal  dreams that show how deathly boring life can be.
	-  Roadkill Victim


The most important thing I have learned over the years is the difference between dismembering the body parts from a live human specimen versus dismembering the body parts from a dead human. The first is extremely painful for the human specimen, which will let out many horrible blood curdling screams, and the second is completely painless for the specimen resulting in a much quieter environment.
	-  De La Morarte


When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound. Rebuild those plans to accommodate large amounts of deception, cheating, lying and every form of moral corruption possible. Now set sail once more toward your coveted goal on the sea of your opponent's blood.
	-  Gene Macabre


A quality life can be created by first applying one's vast knowledge, patience and determination to extract just the superior attributes that exist in some living beings and then carefully combine these attributes together to form a more advanced life form.
 Clearly if everyone was to give away their pathetic lives then a better life could be made!
	-  from Discourse in New Science by Le Baron Shritaj


Deep below the Church's foundation inside a sinister cavern in the cursed darkness, it was impossible to see the deeply religous priests sodomize their helpless victim with a candle.
	-  Excerpt from 'Waves of Religous Tyranny' by Saint Shan`res


When the shit is backed up inside of you, force it out.- Howard the Fart Man
As the pedestrians keep on walking, drive your turbo-charged roadster at a 10 degree angle facing the right direction from behind, accelerate and then run them over. Observe the spectacular domino-like effect as the bodies fall to the ground.
	-  Carmageddon Proverb";


When someone accidentally falls off the top of a cliff and desperately holds on to your hand, let go of this person's hand and see what becomes of this unfortunate person.
	-  Salva Cliffhanger


If you have the courage to begin shooting, then you will have courage under fire.
	-  Sira Denz


The time to repair the roof is when the rain is pouring so as to get a good laugh while watching the startled occupants scramble desperately for cover.
	-  A. Plumber


The glory of the battleship is not in the outstretched bow, nor its sinister title, nor the joy of its luxurious  accommodation; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one who discovers how much death and destruction its huge guns can inflict on large sections of the population.
	-   Captain T. Howdy


Before robbing a bank, look at everything as though you were seeing it for the first time, observing the intricate details very carefully. Once all the loot has been taken care of, look straight at the bank clerks for the last time, before blowing them away and thus removing all possible eyewitnesses.
	-  Shin Dillinger


I hold my head up to the heavens and squeeze the trigger in the hope of escaping from the stinking odors expelled by the degenerate scum around me.
	-  From “Escape to Death”, the story of Jack Dhamer, who by sheer strength of will and the help of a M16 totally destroyed a Washington ghetto as well as an Ivy League college nearby.


The true artist carves out a sick, twisted, perverse work of art as a medium of expression so as to offend many  while pleasing only a few. The killer too carves out a sick, twisted, perverse work of art, but this time it is the victim's body and face that is used as the canvas. The resulting murder scene can then be reused by an artist to create yet another great work of art. The knife wounds, the gunshot wounds and other images of violence are all great subjects for an artist but they pale in comparison to the expression of terror on each victim, a priceless gem for the artist to capture on canvas.
	-  Lenardo Vinc Bundy";


A small bank account can undermine both your courage and true achievement. Unless you  have moral nerve to live out your prison conviction, or maybe attempt a successful jailbreak, you need a large bank account to buy your freedom.
	-  Anonymous Crook Politician";


Never speak, make them talk about themselves instead as you administer oral pleasures to a beautiful woman, concentrating on the task ahead of you until you hear her scream with pleasure: therein lies the whole art of pleasing.
	-  J.Long 'Holmes Mucho Sexo et bien Sucky' 2001


The ability to use others to do everything for you will allow you to concentrate on your own personal pleasures.
	-  Venus Moriarty


I hope I shall always possess enough firmness,length and virtue to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all states: an Honest Man's raging erection, which I can use on any willing intern.
	-  Bill E. Clinton


Sensible and responsible women do not whine and complain and instead devote themselves to looking beautiful.
	-  former First Lady, Island Paradise 2000.


To be pure and evil, to be deadly yet honest, to be thoughtful and cruel, and in all to revel in your true murderous instinct; you now can carry out more executions of men, women and children.
	-  General Zoe - Overseer of South American Death Camp."


In many cases, a long, loyal, and kind friend has selfishly sacrificed the other and rested the corpse beneath a thick foundation simply over a dispute for money.
	-  Detective J. Holmes


Despite the cult of feminism, men are most deeply moved not by a woman's goals or her intellect, but by the grandness of one blessed with correctly shaped body parts constituting a perfect figure.
	-  Max Dick "


Dance	the ballad of violence. While everybody is watching, rip their still beating hearts out  .
 Love   to hurt these pathetic human beings.
	-  Unknown Alien Exterminator


For Romeo anything in the world was worth doing to win the affection of Juliet.  So while he was standing outside shivering in the cold risking danger from evil predators, Juliet was enjoying a hearty game of scrabble with numerous male admirers, totally unsympathetic to Romeo's devotion to her.
	-  Dick Crushing


This amazing time machine enables you to change the past so that in the future you will be in power with the ability to control the human race like pawns in chess.
	-  Martin Luther Isdead


To use to a knife properly, you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and using both hands plunge it straight into your victim. Make sure that you ignore the victim's screams of 'no!', which is simply a pathetic attempt at delaying their inevitable death.
	-  J. Cruise Dahmer


Until one is committed to draw blood, there is always hesitancy,  always ineffectiveness. Concerning all acts of a strategic hit and the correct choice of location, there is one level of accuracy, to deviate from which may kill countless others in a splendid blood bath, but will  ultimately endanger our level of secrecy.The moment one commits oneself, then we will accept you as a true agent of our noble organization.
	-  Secret Oath for new CIA recruits.


To be able to practice five things when murdering someone under Heavens Gate Bridge (or any other bridge) constitutes a perfect crime... concealment, silence, proper choice of weapon, a good killing technique, and no remorse.
	-  Confusion (1973-2009 AD), Fuckdese philosophers.


Whether its a man or woman that you will like to dispose of, never do the job without a gun even if you intend to use another weapon. For a gun is the greatest instrument of a mind hell bent on removing everyone in this world with ruthless efficiency.
	-  K. Sharpshooter


An annoying person can be chased away by throwing small stones at him or her. Better still, dropping a large boulder from the top of a mountain on this person can remove the annoyance permanently.
	-  Religous proverb


Mama exhorted her children to 'jump in the fire' after setting their house on fire. We might not survive the flames, but at least we would never be cold again.
	-  Z. Bundy



On flight 666, Mama exhorted her children to jump off the plane.We might not live, but since we are above the clouds we will definitely land in heaven.
	-  A. Theresa


It is lot more pleasurable and pleasant to suck the feet of a beautiful woman than to touch (or even see) the face of an ugly woman.
	-   Dr. L. B. King - PHD in Love Science


A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, BUT if he is to be ultimately at war with the human race  a man must kill as a killer kills to make this world a better place.
	-  Cruella Shakespeare


[57]
  A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, but if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself a man MUST make love to many beautiful tall blond women such as those that inhabit the coast of California.
	-  a pleasure seeker.


Perhaps the most valuable thing about being invisible is the ability to do anything you want including but not limited to murdering, raping, pillaging and other notorious acts on others whether they like it or not.
	-  from memoirs of the Invisible Man


For much of today's youth in the USA today, a life of violent crime on the outside begins after serving time inside the pen for a very minor offence.
	-  A. Observer from American Justice


After knocking someone over with a car, IT takes less time to drive away before someone else sees you rather than explain what you did wrong to the cops.
	-  A. Speedster


[60]
  After becoming paralyzed from the waist down, being able to play Superman again first seems inevitable, then improbable, then impossible.
	-  Christopher Reeves


Accept only one definition of life; define life as an unpleasant journey to death.
	-  Corpus Sutraj



Accept no one's definition of life. Make your own.	- Dr. Frankenstien" ;
It's impossible and no fun at all to be kind.
	-  Dizzy Waltmalice


It is the highest form of self-loathing to let others subject your mind with horrible ideas created from their incompetent mistakes.
	-  J. Loshaz


The shortest man in world can live with honor by looking up the skirts of lovely ladies, a delight that in reality would appear to be impossible for a man of normal height to undertake.
	-  G. Coleman


An unknown hero is working secretly in a cavern hidden underground to make the grass green, the sky blue and to make the blood flow from the veins of all the parasitic human filth of this planet.
	-  Lethal Savior


Nature does not bestow the virtue of being a good killer, which is an art that only few are capable of.
	-  Jack Ripthorn


There is only one sure way of success in the Olympics - to shoot performance enhancing drugs into your system in a way in which you would not be caught.
	-  Anonymous coach of US Olympic team.


Life is a nightmare that has an ending. - Duchess Sorex
 Hell is the destination after life's ending. - Sister Medusa
A mother's greatest action should be to lose her children far away in the deep forests, so that they do not mix in this world with a superabundance of filth. Only those that remain in these forests would survive the wretched war that would wipe out the parasitic human race.
	-  Revelations Chapter 9 verse 666


I am thankful for small mercies. I compared notes with one of my friends who was also tortured by these cruel militant fanatics, the most evil bastards in the universe, and was disappointed to find that the inhumane torture I suffered was not as extreme as hers. The physical scars, dismembered limbs and other unspeakable horrors inflicted on her pale in comparison to my gorged out eyes and severed tongue. I expecting nothing, no retribution for my suffering in this unjust world and am always full of thanks to God for being just moderately tortured.
	-  Victim of South American Death Squad possibly linked to the CIA and KGB


i can polish a turd all day and when i'm done all i have is a shiny piece of shit.


"I don’t mean to brag, but I am quite good at coding the internet."

Progress isn't made by early risers. It's made by lazy men trying to find easier ways to do something.
    Robert Heinlein (1907 - 1988), Time Enough For Love


My brain leapt right the hell out of my skull and ran away to do something less insane.
~Unknown

Knowledge is freedom.

If you price yourself like dirt, you’ll be treated like it.


I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious.
Vince Lombardi

To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
e. e. cummings

‘Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.’ ~Laozi

‘Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.’ ~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry

"Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness." - Chuang Tzu